welcome to please check out channel
today i have kid not sheds here as you
can see this is a cool one here you can
put the track look at this
all the tracks you can put here and this
track with this track you can make a
huge track here round shape and look at
this plate so this place rotates so
that's how you can go to this one you
can bring out and you can adjust it let
it go so on this one
portable look at this and you can bring
it down i showed it before but today i'm
gonna show it with different engines so
here you can see 1 2 3 4 engines I have
and let me go ahead and open one the
first one I have here look at this this
is the stiffen so this is Stephen is a
king of relevant series character and
it's pretty cool one look at this and
it's look at it it looks kind of like
rustic you can see it looks rustic and
let me show you up close that's how you
can see you can see rocket and it comes
with the barrel let me show you here the
barrel I like it because there's someone
engine one price you pay and you get the
barrel and attached and the rustic you
know look makes it more desirable so
this is they stiffen and let me go ahead
and show you the other ooh
you see I made a mistake I mean like it
should be like this
alright here you can see Steven this is
Steven is same rocket but this is
different one look it says like a Royal
I mean King of Ray Lewis so it's more
royal King
a majestic sign and here you can see
rocket written and this is again it's
Tiffin let me show you both then you can
spritz same thing they look alike and
they're the same one but this one is
rustic like a bit country looking and
shine looking one and this one is more
like a royal one here you can see kingly
look let me show you up close here
shiny character alright so now let me
turn the plate who is it if you want to
let me Lee go this way this mini I
already said that but this is what how
it works I know you guys already that's
cool so this is milli
here you can see the details I like the
color really very beautifully color I
like the color combination is like
Thomas main this color is really cool
and merely looks like one look you can
see this pretty same huh just Millie and
this one is different
Millie's name written on the bottom and
it's like a small engine pretty much
like you know Percy when it comes to the
size let me show you up close
and last but not the least here comes
can you guess who the engine is now
who's gonna be the engine now here comes
oh I made a mistake I didn't make the
way for Thomas yes Thomas these Thomas
is cool because it has lots of you know
bunnies and eggs everything on the
Thomas here you can see the sideways
sideways again rear side the same cute
adorable Thomas so thank you yours thank
you for watching here you can see how
the Indians look when I leave the oak
door slightly open alright thank you